_
ox: fuzzy
oxox: fuzzy
oxoxox: zero
oxoxoxox: fuzzy
oxoxoxoxox: fuzzy
oxoxoxoxoxox: fuzzy
oxoxoxoxoxoxox: fuzzy

_x
oxx: negative
oxoxx: fuzzy
oxoxoxx: negative
oxoxoxoxx: fuzzy
oxoxoxoxoxx: fuzzy
oxoxoxoxoxoxx: fuzzy
oxoxoxoxoxoxoxx: fuzzy

_o
oxo: fuzzy
oxoxo: negative
oxoxoxo: negative
oxoxoxoxo: fuzzy
oxoxoxoxoxo: negative
oxoxoxoxoxoxo: negative
oxoxoxoxoxoxoxo: negative

_oo
oxoo: fuzzy
oxoxoo: fuzzy
oxoxoxoo: negative
oxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy
oxoxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy
oxoxoxoxoxoxoo: negative
oxoxoxoxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy

x_
xox: fuzzy
xoxox: positive
xoxoxox: positive
xoxoxoxox: fuzzy
xoxoxoxoxox: positive
xoxoxoxoxoxox: positive
xoxoxoxoxoxoxox: positive

x_x
xoxx: fuzzy
xoxoxx: fuzzy
xoxoxoxx: positive
xoxoxoxoxx: fuzzy
xoxoxoxoxoxx: fuzzy
xoxoxoxoxoxoxx: positive
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxx: fuzzy

x_o
xoxo: fuzzy
xoxoxo: zero
xoxoxoxo: fuzzy
xoxoxoxoxo: fuzzy
xoxoxoxoxoxo: fuzzy
xoxoxoxoxoxoxo: fuzzy
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo: fuzzy

x_oo
xoxoo: fuzzy
xoxoxoo: positive
xoxoxoxoo: fuzzy
xoxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy
xoxoxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy
xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy

o_
oox: positive
ooxox: fuzzy
ooxoxox: positive
ooxoxoxox: fuzzy
ooxoxoxoxox: fuzzy
ooxoxoxoxoxox: fuzzy
ooxoxoxoxoxoxox: fuzzy

o_x
ooxx: zero
ooxoxx: fuzzy
ooxoxoxx: fuzzy
ooxoxoxoxx: fuzzy
ooxoxoxoxoxx: fuzzy
ooxoxoxoxoxoxx: fuzzy
ooxoxoxoxoxoxoxx: fuzzy

o_o
ooxo: fuzzy
ooxoxo: fuzzy
ooxoxoxo: negative
ooxoxoxoxo: fuzzy
ooxoxoxoxoxo: fuzzy
ooxoxoxoxoxoxo: negative
ooxoxoxoxoxoxoxo: fuzzy

o_oo
ooxoo: positive
ooxoxoo: fuzzy
ooxoxoxoo: positive
ooxoxoxoxoo: positive
ooxoxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy
ooxoxoxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy
ooxoxoxoxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy

xx_
xxox: fuzzy
xxoxox: fuzzy
xxoxoxox: positive
xxoxoxoxox: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxoxox: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxoxoxox: positive
xxoxoxoxoxoxoxox: fuzzy

xx_x
xxoxx: negative
xxoxoxx: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxx: negative
xxoxoxoxoxx: negative
xxoxoxoxoxoxx: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxoxoxoxx: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxx: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxx: fuzzy

xx_o
xxoxo: fuzzy
xxoxoxo: negative
xxoxoxoxo: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxoxo: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxoxoxo: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxoxoxoxo: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo: fuzzy

xx_oo
xxoxoo: fuzzy
xxoxoxoo: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy
xxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoo: fuzzy

